\input texinfo
@documentencoding UTF-8
@dircategory Emacs lisp libraries
@direntry
* auto-indent-mode: (auto-indent-mode).     Auto Indent text on Yank/Paste
@end direntry


@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex
@node Top
@top Top

@menu
* Auto-Indent-Mode::
@end menu

@node Auto-Indent-Mode
@chapter Auto-Indent-Mode
Matthew L. Fidler ## Library Information @emph{auto-indent-mode.el} --- Auto indent Minor mode

@itemize
@item
@strong{Filename} -- auto-indent-mode.el
@item
@strong{Description} -- Auto Indent text on Yank/Paste
@item
@strong{Author} -- Matthew L. Fidler@comma{} Le Wang & Others
@item
@strong{Maintainer} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Created} -- Sat Nov 6 11:02:07 2010 (-0500)
@item
@strong{Version} -- 0.106
@item
@strong{Last-Updated} -- Tue Aug 21 13:08:42 2012 (-0500)
@item
@strong{By} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Update #} -- 1467
@item
@strong{URL} -- https:__github.com_mlf176f2_auto-indent-mode.el/
@item
@strong{Keywords} -- Auto Indentation
@item
@strong{Compatibility} -- Tested with Emacs 23.x
@end itemize

@menu
* Possible Dependencies::
* About auto-indent-mode::
* Setting the number of spaces for indenting major modes::
* TextMate Meta-Return behavior::
* Notes about autopair-mode and yasnippet compatibility::
* Making certain modes perform tasks on paste/yank::
* Auto-indent and org-mode::
* History::
@end menu

@node Possible Dependencies
@section Possible Dependencies
None

@node About auto-indent-mode
@section About auto-indent-mode
Provides auto-indentation minor mode for Emacs. This allows the following:

@itemize
@item
Return automatically indents the code appropriately (if enabled)

@item
Pasting/Yanking indents the appropriately

@item
Killing line will take off unneeded spaces (if enabled)

@item
On visit file@comma{} indent appropriately@comma{} but DONT SAVE. (Pretend like nothing happened@comma{} if enabled)

@item
On save@comma{} optionally unttabify@comma{} remove trailing white-spaces@comma{} and definitely indent the file (if enabled).

@item
TextMate behavior of keys if desired (see below)

@item
Deleting the end of a line will shrink the whitespace to just one (if desired and enabled)

@item
Automatically indent balanced parenthetical expression@comma{} or sexp@comma{} if desired @code{auto-indent-current-pairs} or @code{auto-indent-next-pair} is set to be true (disabled by default). This is not immediate but occurs after a bit to allow better responsiveness in emacs.

@item
Attempts to set the indentation level (number of spaces for an indent) for a major-mode.

@end itemize

All of these options can be customized. (customize auto-indent) ## Installing auto-indent-mode

To use put this in your load path and then put the following in your emacs file:

(setq auto-indent-on-visit-file t) ;; If you want auto-indent on for files (require 'auto-indent-mode)

If you (almost) always want this on@comma{} add the following to ~/.emacs:

(auto-indent-global-mode)

Excluded modes are defined in @code{auto-indent-disabled-modes-list}

If you only want this on for a single mode@comma{} you would add the following to ~/.emacs

(add-hook 'emacs-lisp-mode-hook 'auto-indent-minor-mode)

You could always turn on the minor mode with the command @code{auto-indent-minor-mode} ## Auto-indent and repositories auto-indent-mode will now be more conservative when it determines that you are in a repository. It will only indent the local area you are editing. This can be changed to be conservative everywhere by:

(setq auto-indent-indent-style 'conservative)

You can revert to the old behavior of aggressive by:

(setq auto-indent-indent-style 'aggressive)

@node Setting the number of spaces for indenting major modes
@section Setting the number of spaces for indenting major modes
While this is controlled by the major mode@comma{} as a convenience@comma{} auto-indent-mode attempts to set the default number of spaces for an indentation for specific major mode.

This is done by: 1. Making local variables of all the variables specified in @code{auto-indent-known-indent-level-variables} and setting them to auto-indent's @code{auto-indent-assign-indent-level} 2. Looking to see if major mode variables @code{major-mode-indent-level} and @code{major-mode-basic-offset} variables are present. If either of these variables are present@comma{} @code{auto-indent-mode} sets these variables to the default @code{auto-indent-assign-indent-level}.

@node TextMate Meta-Return behavior
@section TextMate Meta-Return behavior
If you would like TextMate behavior of Meta-RETURN going to the end of the line and then inserting a newline@comma{} as well as Meta-shift return going to the end of the line@comma{} inserting a semi-colon then inserting a newline@comma{} use the following:

(setq auto-indent-key-for-end-of-line-then-newline "") (setq auto-indent-key-for-end-of-line-insert-char-then-newline "") (require 'auto-indent-mode) (auto-indent-global-mode)

This may or may not work on your system. Many times emacs cannot distinguish between M-RET and M-S-RET@comma{} so if you don't mind a slight redefinition use:

(setq auto-indent-key-for-end-of-line-then-newline "") (setq auto-indent-key-for-end-of-line-insert-char-then-newline "") (require 'auto-indent-mode) (auto-indent-global-mode)

If you want to insert something other than a semi-colon (like a colon) in a specific mode@comma{} say colon-mode@comma{} do the following:

(add-hook 'colon-mode-hook (lambda () (setq auto-indent-eol-char ":")))

@node Notes about autopair-mode and yasnippet compatibility
@section Notes about autopair-mode and yasnippet compatibility
If you wish to use this with autopairs and yasnippet@comma{} please load this library first. ## Using specific functions from auto-indent-mode

Also if you wish to just use specific functions from this library that is possible as well.

To have the auto-indentation delete characters use:

(autoload 'auto-indent-delete-char "auto-indent-mode" "" t) (define-key global-map [remap delete-char] 'auto-indent-delete-char)

(autoload 'auto-indent-kill-line "auto-indent-mode" "" t) (define-key global-map [remap kill-line] 'auto-indent-kill-line)

However@comma{} this does not honor the excluded modes in @code{auto-indent-disabled-modes-list}

@node Making certain modes perform tasks on paste/yank
@section Making certain modes perform tasks on paste/yank.
Sometimes@comma{} like in R@comma{} it is convenient to paste c:@ and change it to c:/. This can be accomplished by modifying the @code{auto-indent-after-yank-hook}.

The code for changing the paths is as follows:

(defun kicker-ess-fix-path (beg end) "Fixes ess path" (save-restriction (save-excursion (narrow-to-region beg end) (goto-char (point-min)) (when (looking-at "[A-Z]:\\") (while (search-forward "\" nil t) (replace-match "/"))))))

(defun kicker-ess-turn-on-fix-path () (interactive) (when (string= "S" ess-language) (add-hook 'auto-indent-after-yank-hook 'kicker-ess-fix-path t t))) (add-hook 'ess-mode-hook 'kicker-ess-turn-on-fix-path)

Another R-hack is to take of the ">" and "+" of a command line copy. For example copying:
@verbatim
> ## set up
 > availDists <- c(Normal`"rnorm", Exponential`"rexp")
 > availKernels <- c("gaussian", "epanechnikov", "rectangular",
 + "triangular", "biweight", "cosine", "optcosine")
@end verbatim

Should give the following code on paste:
@verbatim
## set up
 availDists <- c(Normal`"rnorm", Exponential`"rexp")
 availKernels <- c("gaussian", "epanechnikov", "rectangular",
 "triangular", "biweight", "cosine", "optcosine")
@end verbatim

This is setup by the following code snippet:

(defun kicker-ess-fix-code (beg end) "Fixes ess path" (save-restriction (save-excursion (save-match-data (narrow-to-region beg end) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (re-search-forward "@footnote{ @tex
\t
@end tex}@emph{[>][ @tex
\t
@end tex]+" nil t) (replace-match "") (goto-char (point-at-eol)) (while (looking-at "[ @tex
\t
@end tex@tex
\n
@end tex]}[+][ @tex
\t
@end tex]+") (replace-match "@tex
\n
@end tex") (goto-char (point-at-eol))))))))

(defun kicker-ess-turn-on-fix-code () (interactive) (when (string= "S" ess-language) (add-hook 'auto-indent-after-yank-hook 'kicker-ess-fix-code t t))) (add-hook 'ess-mode-hook 'kicker-ess-turn-on-fix-code)

@node Auto-indent and org-mode
@section Auto-indent and org-mode
Auto-indent does not technically turn on for org-mode. Instead the following can be added/changed:

@enumerate 
@item
@code{org-indent-mode} is turned on when @code{auto-indent-start-org-indent} is true.
@item
The return behavior is changed to newline and indent in code blocks when @code{auto-indent-fix-org-return} is true.
@item
The backspace behavior is changed to auto-indent's backspace when @code{auto-indent-delete-backward-char} is true. This only works in code blocks.
@item
The home beginning of line behavior is changed to auto-indent's when @code{auto-indent-fix-org-move-beginning-of-line} is true.
@item
The yank/paste behavior is changed to auto-indent in a code block when @code{auto-indent-fix-org-yank} is true.
@item
The auto-filling activity in source-code blocks can break your code depending on the language. When @code{auto-indent-fix-org-auto-fill} is true@comma{} auto-filling is turned off in@code{org-mode} source blocks. ## FAQ ### Why isn't my mode indenting? Some modes are excluded for compatability reasons@comma{} such as text-modes. This is controlled by the variable @code{auto-indent-disabled-modes-list} ### Why isn't my specific mode have the right number of spaces? Actually@comma{} the number of spaces for indentation is controlled by the major mode. If there is a major-mode specific variable that controls this offset@comma{} you can add this variable to @code{auto-indent-known-indent-level-variables} to change the indentation for this mode when auto-indent-mode starts.
@end enumerate

See:

@itemize
@item
@uref{http:__www.pement.org/emacs_tabs.htm,Understanding GNU Emacs and tabs}
@item
@uref{http:__kb.iu.edu_data_abde.html,In Emacs how can I change tab sizes?} #### How do I add a variable to the auto-indent tab offset? You can add the variable by using =M-x customize-group auto-indent-mode= and then add the variable to @code{auto-indent-known-indent-levels}. Another way is to use lisp:
@end itemize

(add-to-list 'auto-indent-known-indent-levels 'c-basic-offset)
@menu
* Why is auto-indent-mode changing tabs to spaces::
* Argh -- Auto-indent is messing with my indentation What can I do?::
@end menu

@node How do I change the auto-indent default offset?
@subsubsection How do I change the auto-indent default offset?
You can change auto-indent's default offset by:

(setq auto-indent-assign-indent-level 4) ; Changes the indent level to ; 4 spaces instead of 2.

@node How do I turn of auto-indent assignment?
@subsubsection How do I turn of auto-indent assignment?
When auto-indent finds a tab-size variable@comma{} it assigns the indentation level to the globally defined @code{auto-indent-assign-indent-level}. If you do not want this to happen you can turn it off by

(setq auto-indent-assign-indent-level-variables nil)

@node Why is auto-indent-mode changing tabs to spaces
@subsection Why is auto-indent-mode changing tabs to spaces
I prefer tabs instead of spaces. You may prefer the other way. The options to change this are:

(setq auto-indent-mode-untabify-on-yank-or-paste nil)

to keep tabs upon paste.

(setq auto-indent-untabify-on-visit-file nil) ; Already disabled

To keep tabs upon visiting a file.

(setq auto-indent-untabify-on-save-file nil)

to turn off changing tabs to spaces on file save.

(setq auto-indent-backward-delete-char-behavior nil) ; Just delete one character.

So that backspace doesn't change tabs to spaces.

If you wish to be more extreme you can also change spaces to tabs by:

(setq auto-indent-mode-untabify-on-yank-or-paste 'tabify)

to keep tabs upon paste.

(setq auto-indent-untabify-on-visit-file 'tabify) ; I would suggest ; leaving this off.

To keep tabs upon visiting a file.

(setq auto-indent-untabify-on-save-file 'tabify)

@node Argh -- Auto-indent is messing with my indentation What can I do?
@subsection Argh -- Auto-indent is messing with my indentation. What can I do?
If you do not like the default indentation style of a particular mode@comma{} sometimes you may adjust the indetation by hand. Then you press the return button and all your hard work is erased. This can be quite frustrating.

What is happening@comma{} is that auto-indent is fixing the current line's indentation and then indenting the next line on pressing enter. This can be turned off customizing the @code{auto-indent-newline-function} to

(setq auto-indent-newline-function 'newline-and-indent)

This will insert a newline and then indent. Not reindent according to the major mode's conventions.

@node History
@section History
@itemize
@item
@strong{16-Aug-2013} -- Changed last-command to this-command. Now the new yank engine actually runs. (Issue #6 and Issue #23) (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{16-Aug-2013} -- Changed auto-indent's yank engine to be in the post-command-hook. May fix Issue #24 and Issue #6 (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{15-Aug-2013} -- Added unindent block close. Its based on each's mode's syntax table (hopefully they are correct). Should also address Issue #24. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{29-Jul-2013} -- Should fix Issue #21. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{25-Jul-2013} -- Push again. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{25-Jul-2013} -- Fix issue #20. Add tabify region and buffer options. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{24-Jul-2013} -- Updated FAQ for readme.org 6-Jul-2013 Matthew L. Fidler Last-Updated: Tue Aug 21 13:08:42 2012 (-0500) #1467 (Matthew L. Fidler) Updated documentation for a better description of assigning the indent level across modes. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{15-May-2013} -- Made the indentation selective. Should fix Issue #15. 9-May-2013 Matthew L. Fidler Last-Updated: Tue Aug 21 13:08:42 2012 (-0500) #1467 (Matthew L. Fidler) Changed the AI indicator to be used at all times. That way it doesn't interfere with the diminish package. I believe that is the standard way to take off mode lines. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{18-Mar-2013} -- Should fix issue #14 (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{18-Mar-2013} -- Add bug fix for Issue #13 (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Mar-2013} -- Push again after merging minibuffer fix (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Mar-2013} -- Remove all starred comments. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Mar-2013} -- Fixed Github Issue #11. Org-readme doesn't like the starred variable names (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Mar-2013} -- Figured out the duplicated information was caused by a starred variable. This convention is now depreciated@comma{} and caused an error with org-readme. Therefore@comma{} it has been changed. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Mar-2013} -- Push new version. I believe that the strange duplication issue is fixed. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Mar-2013} -- Attempt to fix issue #11 (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{05-Dec-2012} -- Added support for new ergoemacs-mode. Also provided updated bug-fix for indent-region (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{19-Nov-2012} -- Bug fix for aligning parenthetical region when a yasnippet is active (It messes up yasnippet expansions.) (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Nov-2012} -- Bug fix for overflows and NaNs (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{17-Oct-2012} -- Bug fix for yanking in org-mode. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{17-Oct-2012} -- Now auto-indent-mode can suppress auto-fill in source code blocks. Small bug fix for yanking. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Oct-2012} -- Add auto-indent on yank support for org-mode code buffers (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Oct-2012} -- Removed History section from texinfo file. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Oct-2012} -- Fix header readme by using the latest version of org-readme. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Oct-2012} -- Took out documentation that started with a star since it messes up org-readme. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Oct-2012} -- Trying to fix header (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Oct-2012} -- Added better org-mode support for code-blocks. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Sep-2012} -- Fixed commentary section. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Sep-2012} -- Changed yasnippet checking to be compatible with yasnippet 0.8's function renaming. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Aug-2012} -- Attempt to fix documentation with updated org-readme. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Aug-2012} -- Added @code{auto-indent-next-pair-timer-interval-max} and a bug fix to the interval-growth algorithm. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Aug-2012} -- Attempt to change documentation. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Aug-2012} -- Changed the default @code{auto-indent-next-pairt-timer-interval-do-not-grow} to nil. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Drop Readme.md (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Another documentation revision. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Documentation update. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Added a generic function to change the number of spaces for an indentation. Should fix issue #4. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Clarified documentation (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Added some documentation about major mode indentation issues. 7-Aug-2012 Matthew L. Fidler Last-Updated: Sun Aug 5 12:36:11 2012 (-0500) #1411 (Matthew L. Fidler) Changed a mistake in the documentation; Autoindenting of balanced sexps are not supported by default but need to be enabled. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{04-Aug-2012} -- Added ability to turn off dynamic growth of timers per mode. The algorithm to change has not been perfected yet. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{04-Aug-2012} -- Fixed a bug introduced by cleaning typos. Changing again. (Matthew L. Idler)
@item
@strong{03-Aug-2012} -- Save indentation settings on exit emacs. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Aug-2012} -- Fixed Documentation@comma{} and a few minor bugs caught by linting. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{30-Jul-2012} -- Made the Fix for issue #3 more specific to org tables. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{30-Jul-2012} -- Actual Fix for Issue #3. Now the delete character may not work in org-mode. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{23-Jul-2012} -- Fix Issue #3. Thanks harrylove for pointing it out. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{02-Jul-2012} -- Have an mode-based timer normalized to the number of lines used for next parenthetical indentation. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{26-Jun-2012} -- Bug fix for point-shift involved in @code{auto-indent-after-yank-hook} (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Jun-2012} -- Added @code{auto-indent-after-yank-hook} (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{18-May-2012} -- Changed @code{auto-indent-next-pair} to be off by default. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Mar-2012} -- Made timer for parenthetical statements customizable. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Mar-2012} -- Speed enhancements for parenthetical statements. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{05-Mar-2012} -- Bug fix for autopair-backspace. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{05-Mar-2012} -- Have backspace cancel parenthetical alignment timer canceling (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{29-Feb-2012} -- Bug fix for paren handling. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{29-Feb-2012} -- Made the handling of pairs a timer-based function so it doesn't interfere with work flow. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{29-Feb-2012} -- Better handling of pairs. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{28-Feb-2012} -- Added subsequent-whole-line from Le Wang's fork. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Feb-2012} -- Fixing issue #2 (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2012} -- Added makefile-gmake-mode to the excluded auto-indent modes. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{22-Dec-2011} -- Added bug fix for home-key (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Dec-2011} -- Added another smart delete case. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Dec-2011} -- Went back to last known working @code{auto-indent-def-del-forward-char} and deleted message. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Dec-2011} -- Another Paren (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Dec-2011} -- Paren Bug Fix. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Dec-2011} -- Changed the @code{auto-indent-kill-remove-extra-spaces} default to nil so that you copy-paste what you expect. (us041375)
@item
@strong{10-Dec-2011} -- Bug fix for annoying old debugging macros. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Dec-2011} -- Added autoload cookie. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Dec-2011} -- Bug fix for duplicate macros (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Dec-2011} -- Added (( and )) to the automatically delete extra whitespace at the end of a function list. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Dec-2011} -- Added @code{auto-indent-alternate-return-function-for-end-of-line-then-newline} option (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Dec-2011} -- Added a possibility of adding a space if necessary. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Dec-2011} -- Smarter delete end of line character enhancements. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Dec-2011} -- Changed default options. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{29-Nov-2011} -- Bug Fix in @code{auto-indent-mode-pre-command-hook} (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{28-Nov-2011} -- Bugfix for auto-indent-mode (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Nov-2011} -- Changed @code{auto-indent-after-begin-or-finish-sexp} to be called after every other hook has been run. That way autopair-mode should be indented correctly. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{18-Nov-2011} -- Added @code{auto-indent-after-begin-or-finish-sexp} (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Apr-2011} -- Bug fix for when Yasnippet is disabled. Now will work with it disabled or enabled. (MatthewL. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Mar-2011} -- Changed @code{auto-indent-delete-line-char-remove-extra-spaces} to nil by default. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{16-Feb-2011} -- Added a just one space function for pasting (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{15-Feb-2011} -- Removed the deactivation of advices when this mode is turned off. I think it was causing some issues. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{10-Feb-2011} -- Added check to make sure not trying to paste on indent for @code{auto-indent-disabled-modes-list} (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- Swap @code{backward-delete-char} with @code{backward-delete-char-untabify}. Also use @code{auto-indent-backward-delete-char-behavior} when auto-indent-mode is active. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- Added definition of @code{cua-copy-region} to advised functions (I thought it would have been taken care of with @code{kill-ring-save}) (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- Added option to delete indentation when copying or cutting regions using @code{kill-region} and @code{kill-ring-save}. Also changed @code{auto-indent-kill-line-remove-extra-spaces} to @code{auto-indent-kill-remove-extra-spaces} (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- Made sure that auto-indent-kill-line doesn't use the kill-line advice. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- Another kill-line bug-fix. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- Fixed the kill-line bug (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- yank engine bug fix. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{03-Feb-2011} -- Bug fix for determining if the function is a yank (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{02-Feb-2011} -- Added kill-line bug-fix from Le Wang. Also there is a the bug of when called as a function@comma{} you need to check for disabled modes every time. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{02-Feb-2011} -- Added interactive requriment again. This time tried to back-guess if the key has been hijacked. If so assume it was called interactively. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Took out the interactive requirement again. Causes bugs like org-delete-char below. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Bug fix for org-delete-char (and possibly others). Allow delete-char to have auto-indent changed behavior when the command lookup is the same as the delete command (as well as if it is called interactively) (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Added bugfix to kill-line advice and function (from Le Wang) (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Added cua-paste and cua-paste-pop (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Added auto-indent on move up and down with the arrow keys. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Added a keyboard engine that indents instead of using hooks and advices. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Removed the interactivity in the hooks. They are definitely not interactive. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Feb-2011} -- Added Le Wang's fixes:
@itemize
@item
Many functions are checked for interactivity
@item
Kill-line prefix argument is fixed
@item
Kill region when region is active is controled by auto-indent-kill-line-kill-region-when-active
@item
Kill-line when at eol has more options
@item
Change auto-indent-indentation-function to auto-indent-newline-function (Matthew L. Fidler)
@end itemize

@item
@strong{31-Jan-2011} -- Removed indirect reference to @code{shrink-whitespaces}. Thanks Le Wang (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{31-Jan-2011} -- Added explicit requirement for functions (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{18-Jan-2011} -- Added support to turn on @code{org-indent-mode} when inside an org-file. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Jan-2011} -- Added fix for ortbl-minor-mode. Now it will work when orgtbl-minor mode is enabled. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{09-Dec-2010} -- Bugfix. Now instead of indenting the region pasted@comma{} indent the region-pasted + beginning of line at region begin and end of line at region end. (Matthew L. Fidler) 02-Dec-2010 Matthew L. Fidler
@end itemize

Last-Updated: Thu Dec 2 13:02:02 2010 (-0600) #411 (Matthew L. Fidler) Made ignoring of modes with indent-relative and indent-relative-maybe apply to indenting returns as well. - @strong{02-Dec-2010} -- Removed auto-indent on paste/yank for modes with indent-relative and indent-relative-maybe. This has annoyed me forever. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{02-Dec-2010} -- Added an advice to delete-char. When deleting a new-line character@comma{} shrink white-spaces afterward. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{02-Dec-2010} -- Speed enhancement by checking for yasnippets only on indentation. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{29-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix to allow authotkey files to save. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{29-Nov-2010} -- Change auto-indent-on-save to be disabled by default. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{22-Nov-2010} -- Yasnippet bug-fix. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{22-Nov-2010} -- auto-indent bug fix for save on save buffer hooks. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{16-Nov-2010} -- Added conf-windows-mode to ignored modes. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{15-Nov-2010} -- Bugfix for deletion of whitespace (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{15-Nov-2010} -- Bugfix for post-command-hook. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{15-Nov-2010} -- Added diff-mode to excluded modes for auto-indentaion. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{15-Nov-2010} -- Added fundamental mode to excluded modes for auto-indentation. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{13-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix try #3 (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{13-Nov-2010} -- Anothe bug-fix for yasnippet. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{13-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix for auto-indent-mode. Now it checks to make sure that @code{last-command-event} is non-nil. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{11-Nov-2010} -- Put back processes in. Made the return key handled by pre and post-command-hooks. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{11-Nov-2010} -- Took out processes such as @strong{R} or @strong{eshell} (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix when interacting with the SVN version of yasnippet. It will not perform the line indentation when Yasnippet is running. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- Made sure that the auto-paste indentation doesn't work in minibuffer. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- When @code{auto-indent-pre-command-hook} is inactivated by some means@comma{} add it back. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{09-Nov-2010} -- Added snippet-mode to excluded modes. Also turned off the kill-line by default. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{07-Nov-2010} -- Added the possibility of TextMate type returns. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{07-Nov-2010} -- Bug fix where backspace on indented region stopped working.Added TextMate (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{07-Nov-2010} -- Another small bug fix. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{07-Nov-2010} -- Added bugfix and also allow movement on blank lines to be automatically indented to the correct position. (Matthew L. Fidler) - @strong{06-Nov-2010} -- Initial release. (Matthew L. Fidler)

@bye
